You try. You know who I am.
I am the eldest young master of the Wu Group
Wu Pharmaceutical is awesome
Hit me hard
What are you doing?
Don't fight, don't fight
Don't hit me with money
You deserve to talk to me about money
Warn those you shouldn't offend, don't offend
Find a trash can and throw it in
No, no, I was wrong, I was wrong.
Xiaolang
We should go home.
Before things are found out
I'm definitely not going back, ma'am
This is what grandpa meant.
Don't mention him to me
Grandpa Xiaolang has a difficult sister
I'm going.
OK
I will stay with my colleagues for a while
If you have any trouble, come to you directly.
I'll go first
I will definitely find you
husband
Are you all right?
What about Wu Yongren?
Who was that girl just now?
Just now
I told Wu Yong the story of finishing love
The pain he was touched by has gone away after a day
That Girl?
Just asking for directions
Hey, that's right. Hmm.
Family dinner at home
Does grandma agree to let us eat?
Is there anything I need to prepare?
No, I'm ready.
We should like it. Okay.